0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

# File: 0-hello_world
	contains script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output

# File: 1-confused_smiley
	contains  a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'

# File: 2-hellofile
	contains a script that displays the content of the /etc/passwd file.

# File: 3-twofiles
	contains a script that displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts

# File: 4-lastlines
	contains a script that displays last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

# File: 5-firstlines
	contains script that displays first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

# File: 6-third_line
	contains script that displays line 3 of file iacta

# File: 7-file
	contains script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending 	by a new line.

# File: ls_cwd_content
	contains script that redirects output of ls -la

# File: 9-duplicate_last_line 
	contains script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta

# File: 21-reverse
	contains script that reverse input

# File:  20-hiago
	contains script that deltes characters

# File: 19-AZ
	contains script that replaces characters

# File: 12-newest_files
	a script that prints 10 newest files in current directory

Commit message:

let's print only unique words line by line

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

# File: 0-hello_world
	contains script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output

# File: 1-confused_smiley
	contains  a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'

# File: 2-hellofile
	contains a script that displays the content of the /etc/passwd file.

# File: 3-twofiles
	contains a script that displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts

# File: 4-lastlines
	contains a script that displays last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

# File: 5-firstlines
	contains script that displays first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

# File: 6-third_line
	contains script that displays line 3 of file iacta

# File: 7-file
	contains script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending 	by a new line.

# File: ls_cwd_content
	contains script that redirects output of ls -la

# File: 9-duplicate_last_line 
	contains script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta

# File: 21-reverse
	contains script that reverse input

# File:  20-hiago
	contains script that deltes characters

# File: 19-AZ
	contains script that replaces characters

# File: 12-newest_files
	a script that prints 10 newest files in current directory

# File: 13-unique
	script that prints only unique words line by line
