0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

# File: 0-current_working_directory
	A script that prints absolute path of the current working directory

# File: 1-listit
	A script that lists content of the current working directory

# File: 2-bring_me_home
	A script that changes a working directory to the user's home directory

# File: 3-listfiles
	A script that lists content of the current working directory in long format

# File: 4-listmorefiles
	A script that lists content of the current directory including hidden files in long format

# File: 5-listfilesdigitonly
	A script that lists content of the current directory including hidden files in long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically

# File: 6-firstdirectory
	A script that creates a directory in /tmp directory

# File: 7-movethatfile
	A script that moves a file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory

# File: 8-firstdelete
	A script that deletes a file betty

# File: 9-firstdirdeletion
	A script that deletes a directory /tmp/my_first_directory

# File: 10-back
	A script that changes a working directory to the previous one

# File: 11-lists
	A script that lists files in ./ ../ and /boot/

# File: 12-file_type
	A script that prints the type of the file named iamafile

# File: 14-copy_html
	A script that  copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.

# File: 100-lets_move
	A script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u

Commit message:

A script that Creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

# File: 0-current_working_directory
	A script that prints absolute path of the current working directory

# File: 1-listit
	A script that lists content of the current working directory

# File: 2-bring_me_home
	A script that changes a working directory to the user's home directory

# File: 3-listfiles
	A script that lists content of the current working directory in long format

# File: 4-listmorefiles
	A script that lists content of the current directory including hidden files in long format

# File: 5-listfilesdigitonly
	A script that lists content of the current directory including hidden files in long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically

# File: 6-firstdirectory
	A script that creates a directory in /tmp directory

# File: 7-movethatfile
	A script that moves a file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory

# File: 8-firstdelete
	A script that deletes a file betty

# File: 9-firstdirdeletion
	A script that deletes a directory /tmp/my_first_directory

# File: 10-back
	A script that changes a working directory to the previous one

# File: 11-lists
	A script that lists files in ./ ../ and /boot/

# File: 12-file_type
	A script that prints the type of the file named iamafile

# File: 13-symbolic_link
	A script to Create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__

# File: 14-copy_html
	A script that  copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.

# File: 100-lets_move
	A script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u
